*: add schema related FAQ and description of `tidb_max_delta_schema_count` (#1584)
pingcap/docs: dev/faq/tidb.md

```sql
SELECT column_name FROM table_name USE INDEX（index_name）WHERE where_condition;
```

> #### What are the causes of the "Information schema is changed" error?

Author: This FAQ item was also translated because it was missing previously.

> + For each DDL operation, the number of `schema` version changes is the same with the number of corresponding `schema state` version changes.
> + Different DDL operations cause different number of `schema` version changes. For example, the `CREATE TABLE` statement causes one `schema` version change while the `ADD COLUMN` statement causes four.

#### What are the causes of the "Information schema is out of date" error

When executing a DML statement, if TiDB fails to load the latest schema within a DDL lease (45s by default), the `Information schema is out of date` error might occur. Possible causes are:

- The TiDB instance that executed this DML was killed, and the transaction execution corresponding to this DML statement took longer than a DDL lease. When the transaction was committed, the error occurred.

> - TiDB failed to connect to PD or TiKV while executing this DML statement. This caused TiDB to fail to load schema within a DDL lease or disconnect from PD due to the keepalive setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TiDB failed to connect to PD or TiKV while executing this DML statement. As a result, TiDB failed to load schema within a DDL lease or broke the connection containing the keepalive setting with PD.
```

Author: I'd prefer "disconnect" in this case as the connection was not actually "broken" by TiDB. It was broken because of the keep-alive setting

Author: What about "As a result, TiDB failed to load schema within a DDL lease or disconnected from PD due to the keepalive setting"? @lilin90

Reviewer: @dcalvin Sounds good.
